Update FAQ about Jib CLI (#3023)
GoogleContainerTools/jib: docs/faq.md

### But, I'm not a Java developer.

> Check out [Jib CLI](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/jib/tree/master/jib-cli), a general-purpose command-line tool for building containers images from file system content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out [Jib CLI](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/jib/tree/master/jib-cli), a general-purpose command-line tool for building containers images from filesystem content.
```
